This English-only walkthrough explains the complete user journey and the reasoning behind every key input.
Sign in first. Your account keeps every case, uploaded evidence item, credit transaction and sealed report under one verified identity.
From the dashboard, create a new case or continue an existing one. The case remains editable until the final sealing step.
Enter the legal identity, declarant reference and reporting period. These fields define who is responsible for the case and which ruleset applies.
Classify the imported goods, record country of origin and enter the imported mass. CN code and quantity drive scope and emissions allocation.
Connect the imported goods to the producing installation and route. This prevents plant-level emissions from being assigned to the wrong product.
Enter total direct emissions, electricity consumption and the applicable grid factor. Values are stored as decimal strings and linked to evidence.
Add precursor emissions and carbon-price information only when they apply. Rebates and compensation must be recorded to avoid overstating the deductible carbon price.
Upload evidence, classify it and link it to the exact inputs it supports. A file that is merely uploaded but not linked does not complete the audit trail.
Quality control converts missing or inconsistent data into explicit actions. Blockers stop sealing and consume no report use.
All visitors can see pricing, but checkout requires an account. Credits are granted only after Paddle confirms the completed transaction through a verified webhook.
At the final step, review the ruleset, warnings and credit balance. One report use is consumed only after the complete dossier package is successfully sealed.
The Reports area contains sealed outputs only. Draft and in-progress work remains in Cases, while every published report keeps its own immutable version and integrity status.
The final production recording should use a controlled test account and the live English interface, with no real customer, EORI, company or payment data.